---
layout: post
title: 🇮🇳
date: 2021-06-30
---

I got my Indian flag a few weeks ago - a lovely yoga teacher I met in Mysore, small peaceful city in the state of Karnataka, India.

I've been living in India since Oct 2018 and I've approached ~100 girls in India so far — mostly by myself during the day. I’ve done very little night game and absolutely no online dating.

As I end my stint here and return to the USA, I want to share some of my notable memories and observations from seducing girls in India.

## Observations
It took some failures and awkward moments to realize that street approaching in India was not effective. Lot of loafers, beggars, and laborers lined most streets. I was automatically lumped in with them and faced an uphill battle to redeem myself. And if I dressed too well, I just got stares from every direction. The pollution, hot weather, and dust also made long sessions unsustainable. I had to unlearn all the street approaching I did in US cities. Malls were my savior. And after learning how to ride a motorcycle, I frequented malls regularly where I did most of my approaching if I was in a metropolitan city.

Some people say daygame in New York on London is the ultimate test in ability. I beg to differ. They both have something India does not — volume. You can easily approach 10-15 girls a day in New York and probably never see them again. This allows you to fail repeatedly without major consequences. Any half decent guy is bound to get laid in those cities if he puts in a little effort. Even though India has 1.3 billion people, I found very few approachable daygame sets. The pandemic made it worse. Solo cute girl sets were rare; girls usually ventured out in groups. I considered it a good day if could manage one 7-10 minute interaction with a cute girl. This dearth of options sharpened my game, however. I got better at dealing with friends / relatives / guys joining my set when I had mistakenly assumed the girl was by herself. I had to make every approach count and couldn’t afford to warm up. When I was in rhythm, I averaged a 7-10  min interaction + number close a day from 2-3 approaches. Pretty efficient I’d say.

Some girls asked me for my biodata. Apparently, this is similar to a resume, commonly used when shopping around for brides and grooms on matrimonial sites. I later learned that the kinds of girls who ask for this are referred to as “ghats” — traditional girls who usually come from more rural parts of India and / or haven’t been exposed to Western values much. Their aim in life is to get married, bear children, run the household, and serve their husband. For a long time, I was fixated on the idea of seducing a ghat, whom I considered to be the most forbidden fruit of India. I also found them very attractive in their traditional Indian attire and natural virginal beauty. But my attempts largely failed; I think I was too much of an outsider for them to feel comfortable around me. I’m convinced they fuck the shit out of alpha guys in their community though. I know this because my rich friend told me that his driver bangs these kind of girls in his village routinely. After a while, I could tell if a girl was a ghat based on their walk and dress. I’d occasionally try my luck on a ghat but mostly settled for more modern, Westernized girls. 

If the interaction went well, I found it easier to collect numbers in India compared to USA. Girls also more readily responded to texts and engaged in some back and forth, even if they ultimately didn’t come out. One day, my friend and I were buying a falafel from a roadside cart in Bangalore and we noticed the cook multitasking on his laptop. We saw that he was responding to ~dozen girls on Facebook chat simultaneously. I was astonished. We asked him whether he’d met any of them in real life and he said no. Getting girls out for a date was much harder in India compared to USA. In USA, if the interaction is solid and the girl engages via text, a date is usually a given. Not the case in India. A good interaction just got my foot in the door. I had to then partake in a flirtatious texting dance. And even after that, many girls couldn’t get over the fact that I am a stranger who approached them during the day. When I started to get dates, the pandemic hit and I lost my momentum. One nice side effect of this was that my texting wit improved considerably. I found texting to play a much more important role in India, especially for establishing normalcy and comfort before a girl decided to meet in person. Since I don’t use any social media, getting good at texting was crucial.

This led me to a broader realization. In NYC, I was competing against other guys, so I had to throw in a bit more spikes, teases, and try to stand out more with thumb rings, chains, etc… This mentality worked against me in India. In India, most guys are cucks. I was basically competing against Netflix. A direct approach during the day was already a big spike in India. I saw things improve when I stopped trying to stand out and instead blended in more. I replaced teasing with more comfort building, got rid of chains, thumb rings, etc… and stuck to a simple black T-shirt, jeans, and running shoes. This shift in mentality was key. 

## Notable Experiences
I went on an i-date with a ghat girl in Bangalore who didn't speak English. Using Google Translate, I asked her what she does in her free time. She told me she watches porn. I first thought I misunderstood what she was saying. She then pulled out her phone and showed me Indian porn to make me understand. I thought I got lucky and that she'd be DTF after this, but I was wrong. Didn't see her again.

I street approached a 23 y-old white French girl in Bangalore. We had a lovely first date at a bar. After some venue shifts, I attempted to kiss her, but she shied away. She initiated the second date, which made me very hopeful. We went on a bicycle ride around Cubbon Park, and I got her back to my apartment and bedroom. We made out and felt each other up, but she didn't didn’t let me do anything further. I tried to set up a third date, but she declined.

I approached another ghat in a mall in Hyderabad. I quickly number closed her because her friend was going to join soon. The next morning, I checked my phone and saw several texts and missed calls from her. I called her back around noon. She said she was freaking out because she’s never given a number to a stranger like that before and thought I’d hacked her phone. I spent 40 minutes on the phone calming her fears and telling her more about myself and learning more about her. Like a typical ghat, she was going to get arranged marriage after graduating from college. She was leaving Hyderabad in a couple days, so I tried to setup a date that very day. She said she’ll think about it. Didn’t happen.

I approached a pretty Indian girl in one of the posh malls in Hyderabad. She was wearing a mask, but had a lovely figure. Solid set and good texting. She offered to give me a tour of Hyderabad and even picked me up in her car. Very unusual for a well educated Indian girl — PhD in Anthropology — to do this for a guy she just met. We drove around a bit and got a drink. Both of us were living with family so we couldn’t go to our apartments. I was apartment hunting at the time, so I suggested she come and see the place I'm considering and give her opinion. We bought a couple beers from the liquor shop, hid it in my backpack, and went to the building. A couple kids recognized me and gave me the keys to the room so I could "inspect" it before signing a lease. We scurried past the landlady's front door so she wouldn't see us or she surely would’ve cockblocked me. We climbed a rickety ladder to the roof of the building. Completely alone with a great view of the city and stars above, we popped open the beers and made out passionately. Meanwhile, the nearby mosque’s loudspeakers announced it was time for evening prayers. This just added to the forbidden thrill. Convinced I’d see this girl again, I didn’t push for sex on the roof or in the empty apartment. She ghosted me when I invited her out for a second date.

I approached a girl sporting an AC/DC t-shirt in another Hyderabad mall. Couldn’t see her face due to the mask but good banter and we exchanged numbers. WhatsApp DP confirmed a nice face. Due to her traveling, we met after a couple weeks. I kept up with strong text game until then and she was investing heavily. I was feeling optimistic. Unbeknownst to me, the day I picked to meet was a dry day across all of Hyderabad due to election voting. All bars and liquor shops were closed. How could I be such an idiot I don’t know. After hunting around in vain, we ended up at a Starbucks. She had very strong frame and I learned that she’s bipolar, loves alcohol, been to rehab in the USA multiple times, and is the daughter of some big Indian business tycoon. We couldn’t really find common ground. I also think I tried too hard to beat her strong frame which exhausted me. Didn’t text her after.

I met a young doctor in a Hyderabad mall who was unusually receptive. Instantly hooked. Texting was easy and we grabbed drinks a few days later. It was clear to me after an hour that she was looking for a safe dependable provider guy to marry. She quickly realized I wasn’t that guy and after that deflected all my romantic advances. She had no issues getting wine and dined on my tab though. It was a big waste of an evening and quite an expensive date by Indian standards.

I chatted up a Muslim girl in a Hyderabad mall on my way to the Starbucks. Tried for i-date but didn’t happen. Got her number and engaged in a two week long texting dance before she finally agreed to meet me for a date. Day of the date, she said she won’t be able to make it. I continued on with my day. Later in the day, she texted saying she’s free to meet. I told her to meet me at Starbucks in the same mall we originally met. She arrived. Nice tight jeans, beautifully long Middle Eastern hair. I said hi hello for 30 seconds and then excused myself to go to the bathroom because I had to piss real bad. When I got back, she had vanished. I texted her, no response. This was first time I got a girl out from daygame cold approach in Hyderabad, so even though it probably went down as the shortest date in history, I couldn't help but chuckle.

My friend and I were walking on the beach in South Goa around dinner time. It was dark by then so we could barely see anyone clearly, but we noticed two young looking girls with lovely legs scurry past. Two second rule — I approached asking them if they knew any good places nearby to do hookah. My friend quickly joined in. They said they were going to meet their parents at a restaurant and that restaurant had good hookah. I asked them to take us there and we walked side by side for about 10 minutes. The separation was natural and my friend and his girl walked behind me and my girl. Turns out they were sisters, college students on holiday from France, in Goa with their parents. My girl was the captain of her college rugby team. We exchanged numbers and split up at the restaurant. My friend and I smoked hookah at our table facing the vast ocean ahead. The girls and their parents were having dinner at a table a few feet away. Later that night, I texted my girl to see if they wanted to join us for drinks. She said her sister was asleep. I lied and told her my friend is also a sleep so it would be just the two of us. It was around midnight. She said she has an early flight the next day so she needs to sleep. I convinced her that sleep is pointless and we should just get a coffee and stay up. She agreed to meet on the beach. I roamed around on the beach for an hour and didn’t see her. She also stopped responding to my texts. The following morning she texted saying sorry she fell asleep.

Celebrated 2020 New Years at a EDM rave in Goa. Night game, alcohol, and drugs is not my scene, so I decided to dance my heart out and not worry about getting laid. The music was good and then deteriorated. I was dancing harder than everyone around me. I noticed other girls gravitate near me. I started chatting up the ones who were dancing alone. First was a local Goan girl who was friends with the DJ. Second was a white Israeli girl. This went much better and she introduced me to her friend group. All very cool people. I spent the rest of the night drinking and dancing with that group and occasionally had one-on-one convo with the Israeli chick. My friend was busy getting high. Israeli girl offered me drugs, but I refused. Later in the night, I asked her if she wanted to leave and checkout the beach. She knew what I was getting at but declined my offer. I didn’t let it bother me and still enjoyed the company of everyone in her group and danced my heart out. They invited me out to drink on the beach after the event was over. I took their numbers but passed out after getting back. 

In North Goa, my friend and I crashed in a coworking space because there were no rooms available until the next day. The following morning, while I was having breakfast with my friend at the same space, three girls joined us. They lived and worked there too, but they had rooms. They’d seen our sleeping bags, pillows, and disheveled look and looked at us questioningly. We exchanged stories. I vibed with one of the girls. I could tell she was into it, laughing at my silly jokes. Tattoos on her arm suggested she might be adventurous. But I was leaving that day to go further north to a beach called Arambol. I was very excited about Arambol because I’d heard there were many foreign chicks there, especially Russians. In my excitement to leave, I didn’t pursue this girl. In hindsight, I regret that.

Arambol beach is a hippie beach. It was my first exposure to hippie culture. There were more foreigners here and I felt optimistic. I met a fellow solo traveler and we went to various musical gatherings in the evenings. I noticed that everyone at these gatherings knew everyone. Joints were passed around, hugs everywhere, everyone seemed so happy and carefree. Social game reigned supreme. Since I felt like an outsider and didn't smoke, it made me self conscious. I didn’t approach anyone in these venues. Just sipped my beer and enjoyed the scene. I found the beach to be a better place to approach because girls would come out for walks around sunset and they were often alone. I approached a voluptuous Iranian woman, a skinny Russian girl, and a pair of Indian girls in the span of a couple days. Despite having great 10+ minute flirtatious interactions with all of them, they refused to give me their number. The Russian told me that the number is sacred in Arambol and is very rarely shared. Maybe a hippie thing. Instead people see each other repeatedly since it’s a small place and forge connections that way. Unfortunately, I was only there for four days, so nothing materialized. Not a great place for cold approach, but definitely possible to get laid via social game if one stays there for a few weeks and enjoys getting high. Unfortunately, I am a drug-free lone wolf. 

Escaped the chaotic cities to live in a small town called Mysore for 6 months. Mysore is known for attracting a lot of yoga teachers and wannabe yoga teachers. Pandemic hit Mysore hard and there were barely any foreigners or girls in general. But there was a cute girl in my yoga class. I saw her almost everyday for two weeks before speaking to her. We were both leaving at the same time one day and I offered her a ride home. I did this twice. Both times, we did a little chit chat, but that’s it. I didn’t ask for her number. I was walking home with groceries one day and noticed her sitting outside a coffee shop, alone. I stopped and we engaged in some silly banter for a few minutes. She asked me who all I know — the yoga community there is pretty tight knit — and where all I like to go out. I half-seriously told her I’m a loner. She gave me her number and I left to cook lunch. Getting her out was easy because she basically invited me for a coffee and I suggested we get wine instead. This is the power of social game; she saw me in class pretty much everyday. We had wine and listened to music on my terrace. We continued in my apartment. She reveled she has a boyfriend back home. I didn’t get the sense she would put out, so I called it a night. As we were leaving, I went for the kiss. She reciprocated. I pushed her back into my apartment, closed the door, and we continued kissing heavily. I put my hand down her pants and squeezed her round ass. Her dancer / yoga teacher body didn’t disappoint. As expected, she said we should stop. I didn’t push it, considering I’d be seeing her in class every day and didn’t want to make things awkward. I invited her and her married friend for morning tea a few days later to vibe more. I made the tea and we chilled on the terrace. Then I invited her for ice-cream and she brought another guy with her. I think this guy joined last minute. I tried my best to befriend the guy. Then she was leaving Mysore and invited me to her going away party. Upon arriving at the venue, I saw that it was five guys, her, and her married friend. One of the guys was the guy from the ice-cream night and he kept buying her drinks. I didn’t buy her a single drink haha. Couldn’t do much with everyone giving her so much attention. I just socialized and called it an early night while they continued their cockfest. I couldn’t catch this girl alone after the night we kissed, so nothing happened.

One this girl left, my attention shifted to the next cutest girl in my yoga class. She was the instructor’s helper and an aspiring yoga teacher herself. And her ass was magnificent. Through gradual social game, my friend and I met my target girl and her friend on Sunday for breakfast. That event was a success and we enjoyed it so much that we made Sunday breakfast a ritual. Everyone took turns cooking and hosting. I didn’t make any moves during this period but I teased my girl much more while also befriending her friend. My friend and my target girl’s friend eventually left Mysore so it was just us two left. My target girl’s friend sent me a nice farewell text and encouraged me to help my target girl finish the left over ice cream from the night before. Even though I didn’t need the encouragement, this subtle hint really opened my eyes to the powers of social game. I had the friend's approval. I invited my girl over to my apartment to finish the ice-ceam. The rest was easy. I escalated, she complied, and we fucked. No resistance. It’d been over two years since I’d gotten laid, so I was like a bear coming out of hibernation. We couldn’t get enough of each other for the next several days and got into some BDSM. Then I left Mysore and came back to Hyderabad. When my girl left Mysore, she asked if she could come visit me in Hyderabad before going back home. I obviously agreed. She came for a three day mini-vacation. She paid for the accommodation, I paid for the food. I think her following statement sums up our relationship pretty well: “being with you is like being in a sex induced haze”. We continue to sext. 
